so it's like a nuclear plant kind of
thing and going in saying well meltdowns
can happen
we're going to accept that we haven't
done everything we can do to stop it
which is not making the plant and we're
going to accept the risk now if we were
told that you know ahead of time the
nuclear plants will three of them will
go bad out of say two hundred made oh
maybe we would have said no no no no no
we can't do this you got to come up with
better numbers than that and what's are
acceptable numbers so then you're in
trouble again because the risk is going
to be total in terms of it's going to be
decisive on the individual you're gonna
[ __ ] the thing going to get raped is
gonna get raped completely this is not
gonna be any doubt about it they're
going to be imposed upon for your for
your psychological problems to solve
your psychological problems you're going
to use them like some kind of stem cells
or something you're gonna use them like
some sort of fetus cream [ __ ] so let's
all not have brains let's just have
stomachs and sex organs and let's
pretend that that should decide what we
want to have happen in the world we
should let our stomachs and our sex
organs decide and the ego associated
with the sex organ apparently this guy
can't get it up you know if he hasn't
made some babies you know it's sort of
critical to his self-esteem somehow or
you know he needs to play with babies
you know that's a little creepy isn't it
he wants to nurture them he loves them
like Michael did [ __ ] okay yeah this
notion that there's some sort of
instinct besides me hungry me horny yeah
no I'm sorry there really isn't
cognition and imagining
the reason where you know your mind
react sure that wake up in the middle of
the night you know where is my daughter
than my daughter okay it's awful that's
what it's like being bonded to a child
you know it's and you know living it's
because of the first year of my
daughter's life those with her 24/7
I didn't even a job it was a full-time
stay-at-home parent okay right then
right there
yes we're completely different human
beings visit there isn't a male instinct
it certainly isn't being a whatever duty
a Swiper thing II know sometimes we
watch YouTube that we make catty remarks
yes see you see that's already right
there caddy it's not a guy kind of work
so I've just never in my life where I go
oh yeah we stand around we make catty
remarks
it's like what girly boys do but
whatever it's like what maybe you can
get on that show whatever it's called
the club or the what is that called the
little hen is doing their little hanger
thing you know whatever I was hanging
with my professors at UVic it just was
you Nick I went somewhere even if it was
called like explicitly called you Vic I
wouldn't call it a dark side come up
with some other name for it see from
high school yes who became a crackhead
do you think so again it's now eight the
question is do you think people with a
genetic disorder and I guess her
disorder would be liking having bad
taste in men yeah that would be her
disorder and so should they genetically
reproduce so you know he's cutting the
anti nail ISM some question about
whether you should have a kid with claws
for hands on purpose are one with Down
syndrome or something like that that's
not the subject so trivial so we'll just
jump ahead a little bit
see if there's anything that's before
you lay eggs in it but sure I would be
too like to have one one more kid I
already got one I would be like that but
not two not three no one and one doesn't
equal two okay you know I mean it's for
the my biological daughter I mean you
know we have this weird situation she is
my biological daughter but because the
court dates have been so spread out is
the French court systems in such a
disaster because oh yeah so that this
was the chick he banged before this
chick apparently you know the other
daughter reckless relationship that I
create a kid in then the relationship
breaks probably because he cheated on
her some kind of [ __ ] and you know
what responsibility do you take not oh
I'm gonna blame the courts the courts
are stopping me from being super daddy
yeah [ __ ] you in any there's no
reasoning that it all makes it sensible
for me personally gonna profit from this
incredible responsibility that would
occupy every count every spare moment I
have like oh maybe I'll watch a movie
oh wait man I can't watch a movie cuz I
have to plan to protect my children from
all the horrors that exist in the world
I have to make sure I'm gonna be there
okay in case they're tight broke that I
threw them on breaks I have to figure
out the net I have to figure out a lot
of things I have to be ready for this
job so I can't have any free time
anymore because I've got a [ __ ]
responsibility you don't get it [ __ ]
glib [ __ ] okay the fact that the entire
kid could be born defective and that he
could have a life circumstance that
ruins him he becomes an alcoholic or
some other kind of thing he you know
hurts other people in his life and ends
up tragically dying in a horrible way
after living a cruddy life that doesn't
bother you right cuz you're an [ __ ]
maybe some people have no clue what
their identity is what they were suited
for they they don't have any kind of
narrow road they would like to travel in
terms of tastes they'll eat anything
apparently sleep with anything
apparently yeah uh-huh yeah yeah not me
no because most of these [ __ ] fake
vegans think nature is a wonderful place
and it's just really cool that ten lion
cubs for every lion cub that
successfully gets to his first birthday
ten of them get killed brutally that's
good that's a good numbers where you
complain about 30,000 dead little baby
sea turtles for one sea turtle one
10,000 dead baby octopuses before
they're a year old for what octopus this
is what they want a sentence living
things too is a quick brutal death get
born brutally die get born brutally die
and yeah humans get to do get born go
through a whole bunch of horrible crap
and divorces and all kinds of evil [ __ ]
and then die [ __ ] you what retards save
the crocodiles yes save the environment
save the [ __ ] meat grinder the
chrome-plated boorish insanely
blood-soaked meat grinder Oh save it
saving we must grind the meat oh you
people are pathetically stupid
I mean how bad does it have to be I mean
I said I think these arguments I mean
how brutally does your kid have to die
before you say oh [ __ ] that wasn't worth
it don't you if you can't live if you
can't cope with life
in Thailand you can't go a lot of people
can't so they'll have a kid you know if
you can't cope with life in Compton or
if you have really I guess don't see
that is it ok so it's not a logical
decision it just has something to do
with your personal sensibilities so if
you like eating [ __ ] I mean you're a
[ __ ] eater you really do enjoy it you
should assume your kid will enjoy it and
you should thrust him to a world where
we [ __ ] and you should just assume that
because you like it you can make him
like it amazing [ __ ]